adding more context to the default rules page (#8277)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_monitoring/default_rules/_index.md

[Detection rules][1] define conditional logic that is applied to all ingested logs. When at least one case defined in a detection rule is matched over a given period of time, Datadog generates a security signal.

Datadog provides default detection rules to flag attacker techniques and potential misconfigurations so that you immediately improve your security posture. Datadog continuously develops new default detection rules, which are automatically imported into your account.

> Filter by **Logs Detection** to see the Security monitoring rules, and filter by **Runtime Agent** and **Clooud Configuration** to see the beta Compliance monitoring rules. To request access to the beta, contactact [Datadog support][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter by **Logs Detection** to see the Security monitoring rules, and filter by **Runtime Agent** and **Cloud Configuration** to see the beta Compliance monitoring rules. To request access to the beta, contact [Datadog support][2].
```
